Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to get rid of the tiling and
make uh texture valation like this.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
Okay, after that let's create new
project. Selected person as template and
hit create.
And now let's go here to file click new
level set basic level for now and hit
create. Okay after that we have to go
here to fab
and search for grass.
Okay.
Click enter and go here to material and
texture and let you search for a grass
material from top
or filter set price for free. Want to
show only free products.
Okay, let's show this one grass and
let's choose the highest quality as
possible quality part of my project.
Okay, it except
downloading is begin. Uh, okay. Fine.
Uh, let's close this and let's return
right here and see if my current level
get save.
Uh, now uh let's go right here to
content and go here to material. Let's
create a new material
texture variation.
empty. Yeah.
Okay. Extra empty.
After that, let's make it right here.
Uh first thing first, let's go here and
set texture this.
Now, let's use this.
Okay, let's keep this to school. Now
let's create multiply.
Duplicate this one three times.
Or here we have.
What's this? This
duplicate another one.
Okay, fine. We have three uh multiplies.
And let's duplicate this one three
times. As you can see,
let's connect it one by one for the E A.
Okay, let's adjust some values for those
multiplies. Okay, the first one is 0.
that 0.2.
The second one
0.05.
The final one selected
0.00.
Let's do
okay. Now let's create texture sample to
add variation.
And this texture sample we have to add a
displacement
texture
uh for macro variation.
Okay, for this texture you can get from
the link on the description.
Okay, this is my uh texture macro
variation.
Okay, let's add it to the engine. Let's
go right here and create new folder
n macro variation. Open it.
After open it, let's go here. Where is
my texture? This one. Okay. Drag it in
this folder.
Fine.
Uh now let's add
my text. There is several way to add it.
You can click click once here and click
here.
Okay, let's go here
and search for uh TMV.
Uh, okay. This one search for G_MP.
Okay, this might take so we have to
duplicate it two times
another time. After that, let's plug
here to the OVs.
Now, as you can see, the texture is
changed right here.
Okay, the after that let's add this
node.
Add none.
I duplicate this one to times.
Okay. Plug the red channel for each one.
After that, let's change this value.
Select this one and change
05 for each
second one 05. And the final one
uh 05.
Okay. Now let's add multiply node
from here or the A and B. Duplicate this
multiply node and multiply it by this
one.
Now let's drag this one right here and
let's add vector three.
Okay, constant three vector uh for the x
and y and z.
Okay, let's make it here 0.5
0.5 for the green channel and 0.5 for
the blue uh channel. The color is being
uh gray. After that, now let's add alert
linear interpolation.
Now let's plug this multiply to the uh
to the B to the alpha sorry. And for the
A let's plug this channel. Okay. Now
let's add our texture. We have to go
here the fab scans
and the textures that I downloaded uh
previously those
texture.
Okay. Copy all of them. Make it right
here.
Now let's make this one right here. And
let's create multiply mode
this for the
for the our texture our glass texture.
Uh after that let's connect this one
base color.
Okay.
Now this one normal to the normal.
Okay. Look at this color. Let's change
it. Uh now
uh this one is for the ambient
occlusion. Okay. Uh okay. For the red
channel is for the ambient occlusion.
The green channel here for the ratness.
Uh now uh let's create a new variable
for the speaker
promote parameter
spec.
>> Okay, for the spec selected and let's
change the default value
0.1.
Let's see.
Okay. 05.
Okay. I think it's good for now.
Okay. Let's see it works or not. Hit
apply.
Uh save all. Let's return here to my
landscape.
Uh
delete this one. And let's create new
landscape.
Hit create.
After that, let's return his selection
mode. Select this one and go right here.
I want to add our material right here in
this place. Okay. How to add it? We have
to go here to content and create
material instance right here.
Like this material instance
display.
Okay,
as you can see there is
a variation of the texture.
Let's see.
Okay,
as you can see there is the variation of
our texture. Okay, as you can see, look
at this this variation of our texture.
This looks nice. Thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial.